Output configuration - Hidden layers (#567)
qossmic/deptrac: README.md

*Hint*: You can create an image, a dot and an HTML file at the same time.

> #### Supported config file options:

Reviewer: From what I can tell, the README mostly refers to the config file as depfile. So, maybe:

```suggestion
#### Supported depfile options:
```

> You can define a `hidden_layers` section in your config file with a list of `layers` you do not want to include in `graphviz` output, but still want to perform the analysis on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under `formatters.graphviz.hidden_layers` you can define a list of `layers` you do not want to include when using the corresponding `graphviz` output formatter. The generated image will not contain these layers, but they will be part of the analysis. 
```

There are 2 main use-cases for this feature:
 - Hiding a generic/general domains like the `vendor` folder

>  - Having multiple "views" for your architecture. You can define common file with all the `layers` and `rulesets` and have multiple config files with different `hidden_layers` that include the common file. Calling `graphviz` formatter with these files will then produce different views of your architecture.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Having multiple "views" for your architecture. You can define a shared file with all your `layers` and a `ruleset` and then have multiple config files for the different `hidden_layers`. When using the `graphviz` formatter with these files will then generate graphs focusing on only the relevant layers.  
```

```yaml

> layers:
>   - name: Generic Domains
>     collectors:
>       # Vendor
>       - type: bool
>         must:
>           - type: className
>             regex: .+\\.*
>         must_not:
>           - type: className
>             regex: ^Company\\Saas\\.*
>       # common
>       - type: bool
>         must:
>           - type: directory
>             regex: src/.*
>         must_not:
>           - type: directory
>             regex: src/.*/.*
>       # Libs
>       - type: className
>         regex: ^Company\\Saas\\Plugins\\.*
> formatters:
>   graphviz:
>     hidden_layers:
>       - Generic Domains

Reviewer: This example should probably be more condensed. How about:
```suggestion
layers:
  - name: Utils
    collectors:
      - type: className
        regex: .*Util.*
  - name: Controller
    collectors:
      - type: className
        regex: .*Controller.*
ruleset:
    Controller:
        - Utils
formatters:
  graphviz:
    hidden_layers:
      - Utils
```
